## [1st Edition](https://github.com/PhotonicGluon/Abstract-Algebra-Book/compare/v1-build.36...v1)

*Currently a work in progress.*

### General Content Changes
- Fixed minor formatting issue with a citation in the bibliography.

### Part 0 (Preliminaries) Changes
- Moved remark that used to be after example 1.3.2 to be after definition 1.3.1.
- Edited problem 1.3, replacing "cardinality is finite" to "set is finite".
- Edited remark after example 3.4.1, replacing "$P$ is true" with "$p$ is true".
- Edited the summary of regular and strong mathematical induction in section 3.5.
- Added more detail to the proof in example 3.5.2.
- Edited the proof in example 3.6.1.
- Rewritten axiom 4.1.1, axiom 4.1.3, axiom 4.1.7, axiom 4.1.9, axiom 4.1.13, and axiom 4.1.16.
- Fixed incorrect statement of proposition 4.4.5.
- Amend small error in the description of example 5.3.3.
- Edited proposition 6.6.3 to be more detailed.
- Made other changes to the text.

### Part I (Groups) Changes
- Changed the diagram in example 8.5.1 to be of the regular pentagon rather than a square.
- Rewritten the introduction to chapter 15 (Group Actions).
- Rewritten example 15.1.3 to be clearer.
- Edited the statement of problem 15.1(i).
- Renamed section 17.3 to be shorter.
- Made other changes to the text.
 
### Part II (Rings) Changes
- Fixed typo in definition 21.1.3, changing "$n > 2$" to "$n \geq 2$".
- Edited definition 21.4.13.
- Rewritten the introduction to chapter 27.
- Rephrased exercise 27.10.
- Made other changes to the text.

### Part III (Fields) Changes

### Part IV (Galois) Changes

### Other Changes
- Separated changelogs into separate files.
- Made setting `\isebook` to `false` change all links to pure black (`#000000`).
- Adjusted margins for paperback.
- Added post-release build numbering support.
